docs: Add macOS development setup guide to CONTRIBUTING (#44)
meehl/rusty-path-of-building: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number if applicable.

## macOS Development Setup

### 1. Install Lua runtime dependencies

The application requires several Lua C libraries at runtime. Install them using LuaRocks with the LuaJIT backend:

```bash
brew install luajit luarocks

luarocks --lua-version 5.1 install luasocket
luarocks --lua-version 5.1 install luautf8
luarocks --lua-version 5.1 install lua-curl
```

Build and install `lzip` from the bundled source (requires zlib, which is pre-installed on macOS):

```bash
cd lua/libs/lzip && make LUA_IMPL=luajit install
```

### 2. Configure LUA_CPATH

Add the following to your shell profile (`~/.zshrc` or `~/.bash_profile`) so the runtime can locate the installed libraries:

```bash
eval $(luarocks --lua-version 5.1 path)
```

Then reload your shell or run `source ~/.bash_profile`.

### 3. Startup

```bash
cargo run <poe1|poe2>
```

> Waiting for download the Path of Building files to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path of Building files are automatically downloaded to the following directories on first startup:
```
